feat: Adding Secure Web Proxy to examples (#36)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-google-cloud-functions: examples/secure_cloud_function_bigquery_trigger/README.md

      * roles/run.admin
      * roles/cloudfunctions.admin
      * roles/compute.networkViewer
      * compute.networkUser
    * Servervless Security Administrator - Security project
      * roles/cloudfunctions.viewer
      * roles/run.viewer
      * roles/cloudkms.viewer
      * roles/artifactregistry.reader
    * Cloud Function (2nd Gen) developer - Security project
      * roles/cloudfunctions.developer
      * roles/artifactregistry.writer
      * roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypter
    * Cloud Function (2nd Gen) user - Service project
      * roles/cloudfunctions.invoker

* secure-cloud-function-core module will apply:
  * Creates a Cloud Function (2nd Gen).
  * Creates the Cloud Function source bucket in the same location as the Cloud Function.
  * Configure the EventArc Google Channel to use Customer Encryption Key in the Cloud Function location.
    * **Warning:** If there is another CMEK configured for the same region, it will be overwritten.
  * Creates a private worker pool for Cloud Build configured to not use External IP.
  * Grants Cloud Functions Invoker to EventArc Trigger Service Account.
  * Enables Container Registry Automatic Scanning.

> * The Example will create besides all secure-cloud-function resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In addition to all the secure-cloud-function resources, this example will also create:
```
